New tnt_clock_delta metric (#250)
tarantool/metrics: doc/monitoring/metrics_reference.rst

*   ``warning`` level is associated with
    other cluster problems, e.g. replication issues on instance.

> ``tnt_clock_delta``—value of clock difference.
> This metric always has label ``{delta="max"}``, where
> ``delta`` is one of:
> 
> *   ``max``—max clock difference of the instance.
> *   ``min``—min clock difference of the instance
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

``tnt_clock_delta``—the clock drift across the cluster.
This metric always has the label ``{delta="..."}``, which is one of:

*   ``max``—the difference with the fastest clock (always positive),
*   ``min``—the difference with the slowest clock (always negative).
```
